---
draft: false
title: Master Inventory - release 4.0.0
snippet: "Master inventory next release 4.0.0 features"
image: {
    src: "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mjgt-Studios/MasterInventoryDocs/main/imgs/PostImgs/newRelease.png",
    alt: "full stack web development"
}
publishDate: "2023-06-19 11:10"
category: "release"
author: Mario Tarosso
tags: [started, docs, release]
---

## Release 4.0.0

release 4.0.0 notes:

- UI Refactor
- Fixed a bug in the tutorials widget that caused incorrect counts to be displayed during searches.
- Restructured UI variables.
- Fixed a bug in the quest UI where icons were not coming from the master inventory's datatable.
- Removed the Red Keep UI.
- Improved stability and consistency of the theme swap function.
- Added a new mouse cursor.
- Enhanced world UI item display for better item feedback.
- Refactored the items notification display.
- Improved performance of inventory refresh by implementing a debounce system.
- Restructured the ST_MasterUiSettings structure for cleaner code and better standardization.
- Updated the Legacy theme.
- Fixed issues where some UI items did not have dynamic icons.
- Resolved a bug in GameMode and UiGameMode where the game controller would sometimes go missing.
- Renamed UiGameMode to API_UiGameMode and GameMode to API_GameMode.
- Fixed a bug that caused duplicated notification messages when transferring items from a chest.

Notes: This release primarily affects the widgets. If you have any custom widgets using the MasterInventory UI, it is recommended to create a backup before upgrading. The update may impact previous widgets from older releases.
